first apprentice
Grand Elder of Sword Sect
He might have a crush on this girl
Do you want to take me as your disciple?
Nice
Aren't you here to join my Light Sword Sect?
Is it an apprenticeship meeting?
Since it is an apprenticeship meeting
Why don't you see the person from the fifth peak?
Yue'er didn't expect that after I fell
You have been staying in Qingyun Sword Sect
Waiting for my last inheritance
Hongyu, are you alright?
Master, I'm fine.
The girl just used that sword
What saved me
He actually pulled out the Immortal Destruction Sword
Hmph, the fifth seal will not melt
Refused to bow down to the ancestor of Haotian
How dare you come here to accept apprentices?
You stylish nuns have been ordered to do drugs
What else are you doing here?
Don't quit
Since the death of the master
My fifth peak has been repeatedly suppressed
Decay so far
What face would you have to accept this talented person?
Wait a minute.
I'm going to the fifth peak
What actually wants to enter the fifth letter?
Did you know that the fifth inheritance is broken?
The Maze of Asahi has long been lost
Losing to the fifth seal will undoubtedly cut off the fairy road
Yes, my third letter has thousands of disciples of Tianjiao
And what is the fifth letter?
However, several female cultivators are in a state of despair
You've figured it out
You shut up
Our fifth letter is loyal to Xianjun
Far from being comparable to you villains who are condescending to the teacher
Today's Xianjun is the ancestor of Haotian
You are so obsessed
Wu Feng swings his sword
Don't blame us for being ruthless
Humph
Situ Haotian is just a thief
The villain who took the position of the first army
Want us to hold his handrail
Dream you
Pardon me?
Needless to say
I lost the fifth one.